[Music]
welcome to the breakdown we break down
does today we're watching for lead a a
film about a talking cat solving a bunch
of cat murders this film ain't that
disturbing but not everyone loves the
whole cab murder thing but you want to
learn something new don't know just
stand there stay tuned for the breakdown
the movie starts out with a cat scratch
title screening do we see a vehicle
that's going on the trip a cat
introduces himself as Francis and
Francis and his owner stop at their new
home in the house Francis gets a whiff
of something revolting and walks around
until you discovers another pussycat
then he sees a dead on the ground
the big cat says this is the fourth
victim and he blames the can openers for
the murder which is cat slang for humans
but Francis disagrees it believes
something other than the human tool has
caused his murder Nick Francis goes to
sleep but then in a flash Francis goes
into a nightmare where a faceless man
gives him a collar with a chain and it's
pulling Fran to hell then Francis went
back up and talks to the big head about
the cat murders the big cat named
Bluebeard then takes sure like Francis
to another victims body before meeting
up with some cat Crips then the leader
of the gang Kong comes up and tries
boxing and jumping Francis since he's in
the wrong set the blue bear scares them
off the to come up on some blood and
after send the body for two seconds
first introduces at the dead count was a
murder outside and was also in the
middle of some pound before he was
killed by an evil cat later on friends
had discovered some cats electrocuting
another cat and someone's preaching it
seems to be a cat cold and we see cats
living fully getting electrocuted
Francis possibly beard among the crowd
but then he gets discovered by the
aristocrats after escaping France and
land in some laboratory robe and goes
Nathan drinking on the rooftops to get
away spider cat spider cat does whatever
spider cat can know Francis got the
moves like Big Sean and keeps parkour in
from those sneaky
Francis lands in a room in Mesa with a
blind kitty she says this that means
blind sweetheart
Francis pitched the game owner and
Felicity gives him info about hearing
their murders firsthand their
blueberries back over Francis and a list
of new friend behind after eating
Francis a little bitter said getting
spied on
end up in the house with that spying cat
was Fraser's and that smart cat talked
about the murder victims but the smart
one says Felicity is a new victim and
disbelief Francis runs back to
Felicity's room and discovers her dead
body completely beheaded Francis leaves
a Mesa with Bluebeard and listen know
that whoever killed her did it because
she knew too much then friends that's
another nightmare
and yeah uh-huh yep then Frances waist
back up and goes right hunting and
Loretta then he accidentally turns on a
cat experiment video they are putting
acid in cat brains then one cat doesn't
get affected by it and he is called
claudandus which is the name that feel
risk the cats were preaching the
scientists in the video ones claw
damndest to father and master race but
his Francis is watching calling
confronts Francis with his two homies
Francis gets running it almost gets
killed before jumping out a window and
running for a while before discovering
another dead cat with dead kitties
ripped out of her stomach the dead cat
was calling mein squeezed in a random ol
cat escapes from the area Francis finds
the cat and tries following him down a
tunnel a Bluebeard close behind him they
discover a mass grave of cats and then
the old cat just saw a Lester's presence
be known josiah talked about how the
dead got there then blue veiner francis
talking about the leader of the cult a
joker and how these dead cats possibly
came from those scientists in the video
then Francis starts smashing some sexy
little kitty she's kind of cryptic but
Francis does around to next Francis Mesa
with the smart cat and they tried to do
some more info about the killer they
believe that the cult leaders to kill
her then the smart cat thinks the cat
that Francis smash could be related to
Claude ANZUS the three call a meeting of
where we find out the killer has
killed hundreds of cats based on
computer data Francis finds out that
claudandus is still alive by a blue girl
cat the next Francis discovers that
Joker the cult leader has died willing
Philippe I sacrifice Francis deduces
that the cat his mass earlier is a part
of a super-racer cast that have been
devolved into a state of original like
turning a human back to an ape Francis
gets a lead on the smart cat and they
break into the cat's house then we see
blue big is attacked off screen it turns
out the smart cat was claudandus all
along and he explains his whole story to
Francis he tells Francis he wants him to
be the leader of the new race after he
dies Francis has no thanks and then
charge deleting his files but then again
to a showdown as the building burns down
behind them they both get an equal share
elixir
the house is burning but then Francis
cuts and disembowel scald enters and
leaves him to die French the Dragons
Bluebeard out but it looks like he dies
from his wounds
lastly the movie ants with friends to
give him some speech about how life
moves on seems like a big point and a
lot of the movies in the previous
breakdowns then he goes to chase him or
down well yeah the cat murder was
kind of graphic but I think cartoon
negra could have got away with that one
anyway let's talk about the monsters
third moment and the most enjoyable man
huh I feel like I've seen more messed up
stuff on Courage the Cowardly Dog but
hey this is considered the disturbing
animation so I thought I would do it the
mostest third moment goes to in France
to discover Felicity's body yeah it was
overkill and she was two lines for all
that to happen the most enjoyment I
guess those two when Francis was smashed
in a pussycat I don't know I thought it
was pretty funny and that's it the movie
was released in 1994 same years Natural
Born Killers and it was directed by
Michael Shaq and originally written by
some German guy that I won't even try
pronouncing anyway I'm spooky rice and
this has been a breakdown thanks for
watching this video hopefully Dave hope
you guys aren't enjoying these videos
and please subscribe and like the video
helps me get even better with what I do
anyway this means that we break down
king of pigs but in the meantime check
out the other breakdowns
anyways spooky out